You are there
Choose between Professor Will and this kid
Heal your grandfather
If you choose this kid
I'm leaving with Professor Will right now
Then it will be useless for you to beg me again
Chen Hao, are you sure you can cure Old Hua's disease?
I can't decide at the moment
I still need a diagnosis
Chen Hao
You stop first
Zheng Yuan, you and I are enemies
You brought someone to rescue my grandfather
There will be no conditions, right?
As expected of the young master of the flower family
Smart, I just need you to promise me one condition.
I'll have Professor Will verify it for you right away
What kind of condition?
I want Caiyun Jewelry Group.
half share
In the first month of the month, are you a lion opening your mouth?
Why don't you want to do it for your grandfather?
Offer this half of the shares
Ok, I promise.
Wait a minute I have a way to eat